{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red179\green179\blue179;\red153\green153\blue153;\red183\green183\blue183;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red204\green204\blue204;}
{\info
{\*\category Write 2, min. Version 2.0.4}}\margl1396\margr964\margb1396\margt1396\vieww15400\viewh14260\viewkind1\viewscale116
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1238\sl480\slmult1

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Chapter 4    Database Design
\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1238\sl288\slmult1
\cf2 Every GIS relies on a sound database to sufficiently model the geographic features and attributes upon which your client\'92s analyses depend. In this chapter you will describe the various data design models you developed, the data you used, and the methods necessary to prepare it for analysis.\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1238\sl480\slmult1
\cf0 \

\b\fs28 4.1
\fs32     
\fs28 Conceptual Data Model\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1238\sl288\slmult1

\b0\fs24 \cf3 As you recall, the conceptual model of your client\'92s problem domain describes the entities of interest and their relationships. This design is independent of any particular implementation approach and does not assume any particular database model. To clarify, any mention of an ArcGIS Geodatabase is inappropriate at this point. Figures would be helpful here, as well as some insightful prose.\cf4 \
\
\cf5 Artistree relied on a data model influenced by three main entities. The first were the clients requirements which included data on his store's location and sales events taking place at that store. The second influence was the data provider who supplied data on store locations in throughout Los Angeles county and the Los Angeles basin. The third influence was the LBS which processed this data and required specific data types and formats in order to provide location-aware services.\
\
 These first two influences required the data model to have some basic types of information. The model of this information relied on a simple one to one relationship between stores and their attributes, for example store A has these latitude and longitude coordinates, address information and store hours.  The third influence required a more complex data model because for the LBS one store could have many events and dynamic geometry data. For example geo-fence size can vary per sale and its location may change depending on the nature of the event. Thus one store can be associated with one or many sales event geo-fences and the geometry, notification and location information that comes with each new event.\
\
 
\b\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1238\sl480\slmult1
\cf0 4.2    Logical Data Model\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1238\sl288\slmult1

\b0\fs24 \cf0 This is where you begin to describe the feature classes and tables in your GIS implementation. We move from the abstract ideal to the implementation database model (usually semi object-relational and some form of ArcGIS Geodatabase). 
\b Do not
\b0  simply make a snapshot of the legend of your Geodatabase in ArcCatalog. This is the point when you made choices about how to represent each attribute; and those choices should be discussed. What, if any, compromises did you need to make in order to represent the conceptual model in the GIS\'92s logical model.
\b\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1238\sl480\slmult1
\cf0 \
4.3   Data Sources\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1238\sl288\slmult1

\b0\fs24 \cf3 Where did the data come from? What metadata are important for the committee to know about so that we may judge your database to be sound?\
\cf5 \
The data for this project primarily came from my client's colleague Vince Hans of Almighty Music Media, however throughout the design phase of the project it became clear that record store owners were going to have to supply some dynamic data themselves via the Artistree application interface since sales events are cyclic and not static; they have a temporal component, a start and end date. Original data on store locations as provided by AMM included store attributes like address location, store hours, store name and phone number. I added latitude and longitude after geocoding the address fields provided by AMM. Geocoding was done through the geocoding tool in ArcMap.\
\cf3 \
\cf0 \

\b\fs28 4.4
\b0\fs24     
\b\fs28 Data Collection Methods\
\

\b0\fs24 \cf2 I know that you aren\'92t supposed to do very much data collection, but you probably did anyway. Describe you collection methodology and the results.\cf6 \

\b\fs28 \cf5 \

\b0\fs24 I added websites in addition to latitude and longitude, in decimal degrees, for each store tuple provided from the AMM data.
\b\fs28 \cf0 \
\
4.5    Data Scrubbing and Loading\
\

\b0\fs24 \cf2 Since all the data you receive from your client is, in fact, 
\i\b perfect
\i0\b0 , there will not be much to say here. However, if you are one of the unfortunate everyones who had to clean-up or prep their data sets before loading into their geodatabase, describe that process here.\cf0 \
\
Verification of stores location by entering the coordinates and then the addresses into Google Maps. I also checked to make sure the store data provided by AMM represented stores that were still open. Searching a store's name and region in the Google search engine allowed me to verify if the store was still open and if it had a website or not.\
\

\b\fs28 4.6
\b0\fs24     
\b\fs28 Summary
\b0\fs24 \

\b\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1238\sl480\slmult1

\b0\fs24 \cf0 What was it that I just read? What should I have noted of particular importance?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1238\sl288\slmult1

\b\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1238\sl480\slmult1
\cf0 \
\
}